README.md, before:

## Salesforce
### [Achieve Your Goals with Salesforce Customer Success trail](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)
* [Salesforce Customer Success](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-success-cloud-basics?trail_id=achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)

  1. [Get Started with Salesforce Customer Success](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-success-cloud-basics/get-started-with-salesforce-success-cloud?trail_id=achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)

     * Salesforce core values,
     * Types of Salesforce Success Plans,
     * Salesforce Professional Services.

* [Salesforce Professional Services: Quick Look](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-professional-services?trail_id=achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)

  1. [Get Started with Salesforce Professional Services](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-professional-services/get-started-with-salesforce-professional-services?trail_id=achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)

     * Explanation of Salesforce Professional Services (tailored roadmap, flexible platform, faster innovation),
     * Advantages of work with Salesforce Professional Services.

### [Transform Your Business with Salesforce Customer Success trail](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/transform-business-sf-expeditions)
* [Digital Transformation](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/digital-transformation?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

  1. [Learn About Digital Transformation](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/digital-transformation/learn-about-digital-transformation?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

     * Key characteristics transformation projects share (design first, culture, speed and agility),
     * Real-world example of digital transformation.

  2. [Learn About the Challenges and Opportunities of Digital Transformation](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/digital-transformation/challenges-digital-transformation?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

     * Obstacles that companies can face on their digital transformation journey,
     * The business value of Digital Transformation,
     * Crucial questions for your business.

* [Salesforce Architects](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-architects?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

  1. [Use Technology to Innovate](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-architects/use-technology-to-innovate?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

     * Embracing new technology to help your company innovate,
     * Salesforce Architect duty.

  2. [Get Support from Salesforce Architects](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-architects/get-support-from-salesforce-architects?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

     * The Salesforce Architect features and ways of help,
     * Four types of Salesforce Architects (Business Architect, Program Architect, Implementation Architect, Design Architects).

Commit message:

Update README with Salesforce course details
Added a summary of completed Salesforce courses.

README.md, after:

## Salesforce
Completed set of courses. This folder contains further explanation what I learned in this course (READMEs), covered the following sections:
### [Achieve Your Goals with Salesforce Customer Success trail](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)
* [Salesforce Customer Success](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-success-cloud-basics?trail_id=achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)

  1. [Get Started with Salesforce Customer Success](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-success-cloud-basics/get-started-with-salesforce-success-cloud?trail_id=achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)

     * Salesforce core values,
     * Types of Salesforce Success Plans,
     * Salesforce Professional Services.

* [Salesforce Professional Services: Quick Look](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-professional-services?trail_id=achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)

  1. [Get Started with Salesforce Professional Services](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-professional-services/get-started-with-salesforce-professional-services?trail_id=achieve-your-goals-with-success-cloud)

     * Explanation of Salesforce Professional Services (tailored roadmap, flexible platform, faster innovation),
     * Advantages of work with Salesforce Professional Services.

### [Transform Your Business with Salesforce Customer Success trail](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/transform-business-sf-expeditions)
* [Digital Transformation](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/digital-transformation?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

  1. [Learn About Digital Transformation](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/digital-transformation/learn-about-digital-transformation?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

     * Key characteristics transformation projects share (design first, culture, speed and agility),
     * Real-world example of digital transformation.

  2. [Learn About the Challenges and Opportunities of Digital Transformation](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/digital-transformation/challenges-digital-transformation?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

     * Obstacles that companies can face on their digital transformation journey,
     * The business value of Digital Transformation,
     * Crucial questions for your business.

* [Salesforce Architects](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-architects?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

  1. [Use Technology to Innovate](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-architects/use-technology-to-innovate?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

     * Embracing new technology to help your company innovate,
     * Salesforce Architect duty.

  2. [Get Support from Salesforce Architects](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-architects/get-support-from-salesforce-architects?trail_id=transform-business-sf-expeditions)

     * The Salesforce Architect features and ways of help,
     * Four types of Salesforce Architects (Business Architect, Program Architect, Implementation Architect, Design Architects).
